Hi, guys.
In this video, I'm going to cover the exam guide for the SAAC 02, so the new version of the Solutions
Architects Associate Exam.
Now, this has been around for a few months now.
I've done the beta exam and I also retook the exam a couple of weeks ago.
So I've done this exam twice.
And I can tell you that the questions are pretty well written compared to the previous version of the
exam.
I think better and though there are some extra topics that you need to learn, I definitely prefer to
take this exam myself.
And I think you should definitely be studying towards this, even if you're watching this video at the
time when the SEO one is still available for a few more weeks.
So the format is multiple choice, multiple answer.
Its associate level, as with the SEO one at the moment.
You can even go to a testing center if it's available in your area at the moment, or you can go and
do an online proctored exam.
Now you get to ask ten minutes.
So one hundred and thirty minutes.
You have to pay 150 USD.
And it's available in these languages.
So the same as with the SEO one A.W. US have some recommended experience.
One year hands on and a bit more than that will look into the exam guide in a minute.
And there are a couple of A.W. s white papers that are worth looking at.
They provide a generic link to the white paper repository.
So from the exam guide you'll find that.
So time allows.
Hundred and thirty minutes.
Sixty five questions.
The scoring is between one hundred and a thousand points and you need 720 to pass.
Now the question format is that you have multiple choice, which means there's one correct response
and free incorrect responses or multiple response where you have five options and two of them are correct.
Now, let's have a look at the domain, so the first one is about designing resilient architecture.
So it's all about resilience.
In this case, you're looking at designing multi-tier architecture solutions, Heidi, available fault
Solomon architectures, decoupling mechanisms, using NWS services, and you need to be able to choose
the appropriate resilient storage.
The next one is designing high performing architecture.
So this is performance related.
You have to identify elastic and scalable compute solutions, high performing and scalable storage solutions
and high performing networking solutions.
You also need to choose high performing database solutions for a specific workload.
The third, the main is security related.
This is designing secure applications and architectures.
You need to know how to design secure access to resources, secure application tiers and select appropriate
data security options.
And the last domain is domain full.
This is designing cost optimized archive sections.
So it's all about being cost efficient.
You have to identify cost effective storage solutions, compute and database services that are cost
efficient and cost optimize network architectures.
So Domain five is gone.
So this used to be in the SAAC zero one about operational excellence and that is no longer present.
So there's only four domains in the new version of the exam.
And this is the weighting.
So you have 30 percent for resilience.
Twenty eight percent for performance.
Twenty four percent on security and 18 percent on cost optimization.
So that's a breakdown of the exam guide.
And I'll take you over to A.W. W.S. now and we'll find the actual exam guide and have a quick look for
it.
So on Google, I'm just gonna search for SCA C02 Exam Guide.
And this is D-Link come looking for him.
So this is taking me straight to the exam guide.
You can see a bit more about the recommended knowledge.
Now, again, I don't think you need all of this, so you don't need to have a year hands on experience.
And this course is being put together to give you hands on experience.
So if you do all the laps in this course, you're going to gain a ton of experience and you're gonna
be able to sort of demonstrate that when you're answering questions.
For exam preparation, they also give you some A.W. as training options and then the white papers link
that I mentioned.
And then it talks about the different response types.
And if you come down a bit more, we then get the concept outlines.
So this is what you saw in the slides.
So that's it.
So you know where to go now to find the exam guide if you need a bit more information.